0
Hello, I have this little problem.
My leg is kind of missing, soooooo.
I think little bit of Eirleaf, something really sweet and water colected on spring sould be good for me.
1
Oh my god I'm so tired.
Can you give me something to make me feel better?
Some purple flower, some stone with sun and that wax from bees should do it.
3
I need a bit more endurance.
If I'm going to keep running, I need to stop wheezing like a broken bellows.
A wise herb, something metallic, and fresh spring water should do the trick.
4
I'm looking to move faster.
I want to be faster than a cat on a hot tin roof, not slower than molasses in January.
Perhaps a refreshing herb, some scales from a fish, and a clear crystal.
5
I need to be more nimble.
Can't dodge life's curveballs if I move like a brick through honey.
A fragrant herb, fish scales, and a sun-infused stone should be perfect.
2
I need to increase my strength.
Lifting weights is tough when you feel like a twig.
A bear claw, something metallic, and tree bark should help.
18
I need to cause blindness.
Seeing isn't always believing, especially if you can't see at all.
A withered root, wings of a bat, and some ashes should be effective.
21
I need to stiffen someone's muscles.
Because turning someone into a statue is sometimes more practical than reasoning with them.
Some clay, murky swamp water, and ashes should do the trick.
22
I want to induce confusion.
If they're too confused to think straight, they'll finally understand how I feel every Monday morning.
Magical dust, mushrooms, and murky water will work.
6
I want to become invisible for a while.
It's hard to sneak away from responsibilities when everyone can see you.
The skin of a serpent, some magical dust, and a dark shard will work.
20
I need to paralyze someone.
It's tough to be annoying when you can't move a muscle.
Fresh water from a spring, a poisonous plant, and cursed powder are required.
19
I want to shroud someone in darkness.
Because sometimes, plunging someone into literal darkness is the best way to brighten your day.
Magical dust, a dark shard, and swamp water will work.
23
I want to warp someone's mind.
When reality just isn't weird enough, it's time to add some extra spice to the mix.
A fragrant herb, a clear crystal, and some magical dust are what I need.
16
I need to inflict poison.
Sometimes you just need to remind people not to mess with you, like ever.
Deadly nightshade, venom from a spider, and murky swamp water should do it.
17
I want to create a toxic mist.
Nothing says 'stay away' like a cloud of doom and gloom.
Some rotten flesh, cursed powder, and water from a swamp are needed.
